Create program for OrbIT Lab (#47)
rust-aarhus/meetups: meetups/2023/2023-11-07-talks/program.md

The program for the evening is:

- 16:15 - 16:25: Welcome by Tue Henriksen (10 min)
- 16:30 - 16:55: Why learn Rust if I know a memory-safe language? by Philip Kristoffersen (20+5 min)
- 17:00 - 17:10: A word from our sponsor [DIS] (10 min)
- 17:10 - 17:40: Light dinner sponsored by [DIS]
- 17:40 - 18:25: Designing reliable systems by Tue Henriksen (40+5 min)
- 18:30 - 18:35: Closing remarks (5 min) by Philip?

## Why learn Rust if I know a memory-safe language?
[Philip Kristoffersen][pk] is a senior software consultant (Full-stack & Architect) at [BRØLSTÆRK] and works with everything from 3D Visualization to Microservices.

This afternoon he'll compare Rust, C# and TypeScript features and their pros & cons, followed by a Q&A.

## Designing reliable systems
[Tue Henriksen][th] from [r2p] is the founder of Rust Aarhus with a background in the embedded world. He started using Rust when he joined r2p in late 2019.

Tue will talk about why he uses Rust in his daily work for designing reliable embedded systems.

## Location
This meetup will be held at the ORBIT Lab, Finlandsgade 20 in Aarhus.

## Food

> If you have special needs regarding food (allergies, veganism, etc.), please forward your request directly to Casper Hedegaard on meetup?.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have special needs regarding food (allergies, veganism, etc.), please forward your request to rustaarhus@gmail.com.
```
